Clarify allowed/expected client modification of LRO api-version (#418)
Microsoft/api-guidelines: azure/Guidelines.md

<a name="lro-put-operation-location-includes-api-version"></a>
:ballot_box_with_check: **YOU SHOULD** include the `api-version` query parameter in the `Operation-Location` header with the same version passed on the initial request if it is required by the get operation on the status monitor.

> Note: Clients may replace the value of `api-version` in the `Operation-Location` URI with a value appropriate for their application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Clients should replace the value of `api-version` in the `Operation-Location` URI with a value appropriate for their application when calling back to the service.
```

Author: Chatted with Jeffrey offline and he (begrudingly) agreed to leave the sentence as-is.
